README.md, before:

# @roll-network/root

This repo is an entrypoint for all Roll monorepo packages.

## Packages

- [@roll-network/cli](./packages/cli)
- [@roll-network/eslint-config](./packages/eslint-config)
- [@roll-network/prettier-config](./packages/prettier-config)
- [@roll-network/design-system](./packages/design-system)
- [@roll-network/feature-flag](./packages/feature-flag)
- [@roll-network/contract-bindings](./packages/contract-bindings)
- [@roll-network/api](./packages/api)
- [@roll-network/api-client](./packages/api-client)
- [@roll-network/auth-sdk](./packages/auth-sdk)
- [@roll-network/session-manager](./packages/session-manager)

### Private packages

There are some packages that are not listed above (ex. [@roll-network/example-web-oauth-client](./examples/example-web-oauth-client)). These packages should always start with the `example-` prefix & be responsible for showing how a package/set of packages should be used by a consumer.

### Dependants graph

<div align="center">
<img src="./dependantsgraph.svg">
</div>


## Release

1. Update the code.
2. Run `yarn changeset` to pick the changed packages & the grade of your update (patch, minor or major).
3. Create a PR with the generated changeset file.
4. Merge the PR.
5. Wait until a `Version Packages` PR is created.
6. Check that the auto-generated PR's changes are correct (version updates, CHANGELOG updates).
   1. If it's not correct, update manually.
7. Merge the PR.

Commit message:

Add browser interaction (#305)
* Add browser interaction

* Make server port & url configurable

* Rename superGenerateToken to generateTokenWithCode

* Change interaction type name, keep server up until the process exits

* Refactor readmes

* Fix test

* Replaced roll-app client id constant with an env var

* Fix scopes

* Extract sdkPool in client creds to avoid multiple express server instances

* chore: transaction api
- Add correct types for transaction response
- Format correctly response on example project
- Fixed prompt in request body

* chore: Add changeset

* Rename autologin to masquerade & serverbrowser to server

* Rename server env var in example

* Update root readme

---------

Co-authored-by: diegonzs-roll <106546965+diegonzs-roll@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# @roll-network/root

This is the main entrypoint for all packages in the Roll monorepo.

## Packages

These are the public packages that make up the Roll network:

- [@roll-network/cli](./packages/cli)
- [@roll-network/eslint-config](./packages/eslint-config)
- [@roll-network/prettier-config](./packages/prettier-config)
- [@roll-network/design-system](./packages/design-system)
- [@roll-network/feature-flag](./packages/feature-flag)
- [@roll-network/contract-bindings](./packages/contract-bindings)
- [@roll-network/api](./packages/api)
- [@roll-network/api-client](./packages/api-client)
- [@roll-network/auth-sdk](./packages/auth-sdk)
- [@roll-network/session-manager](./packages/session-manager)

## Examples

To demonstrate how our packages should be used by consumers, we provide several example projects:

- [@roll-network/example-web-oauth-client](./examples/example-web-oauth-client)
- [@roll-network/example-native-oauth-client](./examples/example-native-oauth-client)
- [@roll-network/example-node-api-client](./examples/example-node-api-client)

These examples always start with the `example-` prefix.

## Dependents Graph

<div align="center">
<img src="./dependantsgraph.svg">
</div>

## Getting Started

Before you can use these packages, you need to install dependencies and build all the packages. This is done via Rollup.

1. Install all dependencies by running `yarn install` in the root directory.
2. Run `yarn build` to build all packages. 

Please note that our packages are built/bundled via Rollup. 

## Release

Releasing new versions of the packages follows these steps:

1. Update the code.
2. Run `yarn changeset` to select the changed packages & choose the grade of your update (patch, minor, or major).
3. Create a PR with the generated changeset file.
4. Merge the PR.
5. Wait for the auto-generated `Version Packages` PR to be created.
6. Review the changes in the `Version Packages` PR (version updates, CHANGELOG updates).
   1. If the changes are incorrect, update them manually.
7. Merge the PR.
